## Learning Journal ##

4/10/22 - I first decided on what 4 projects I wanted to do. I decided on my first project where the player can control the character’s movement within a 3D environment in third person. I chose something easy for my first project to help refresh my memory and to not make it too difficult for me. I started by watching tutorials from the likes of Brackeys on youtube and reading through unity documentation for the basics to help my understanding.

11/10/22 Finishing off my first project, In this script I have used a character controller; I have learnt that it will allow the player to move easily based on collisions so it doesn’t fall through the floor, therefore there is no need to use a rigidbody. I had originally chose to do a script this way however trying to fine tune the movements was a bit difficult whereas the character controller allowed me to move exactly how I wanted.

18/10/22 I began the second tutorial however this one was difficult. For this one I had a used a book to guide me to create my scripts. It was easy to execute but difficult to explain. The longer the scripts were, the harder it was to be able to explain for the tutorial. I created many mistakes for example accidentally deleting scripts, components or objects which could not be retrieved unless I had to go to my last save or repeat the project again. This project for sure took the longest.

21/10/22 With a busy week I finally finished the second project however I had not taken notes on the scripts so I had found it hard to explain for the tutorial and tried to spend most of my time deconstructing my script.

22/10/22 Inspired by Super Mario, I wanted to try creating a script where the player grows in size each time it picks up an item. Watching tutorials on youtube were hard since I had some connection issues. I was thinking of ways to make my script easier keeping in mind my last tutorial. So I went back to basics and used if statements.

24/10/22 Feeling burnt out I couldn’t think of what to do for the last project. I decided to look for ideas through youtube. I decided upon a quick project for a health and armour bar where the armour is first affected before the health. However I did not begin the project.

25/10/22 My first lesson in class started off difficult. I used most of my time trying to log in to the computers to find out that everyone is using a different version of unity. I used my time checking a few of my projects to see if it can open in this version. I had also started my logs since I had originally not understood how to do it so I have a friend explain to me how to log my work.
